hey everybody
at saster i'm super excited today to
have one of our og and favorite friends
byron dieter from bessemer venture
partners byron's been part of the saster
community since the very beginning
um he's done the state of the cloud both
digitally in the real world at saster
annuals
for six years or something like that
been all over um his partners have come
to disaster europe and done the same
buyer and i have worked together in some
capacity
since i started in sas and
wanted to bring him on today
um talk a little bit about his event
coming up the cloud 100 awards and then
talk about really
as we come into these last seasons of
covid in a and a brave new world what's
really going on in sas um with you know
unicorns being minted hourly can't even
keep up with my newsletters what's going
on
um seems like
everything's just going up but not
really so i want to dig into all these
things with byron for a few minutes um
first of all byron thanks for thanks for
joining us today it's great to have you
back
uh jason you always make it fun anytime
and i appreciate you not putting years
to uh the tenure of our of our
relationship as uh i i think there's now
a two-decade handle on that which is
scary
so let's first just talk for a minute um
about the cloud 100 this is um for a
couple reasons but this is an award
you've been doing for six years um for
100 of the top cloud and sas companies
first of all when is it this year it's
digitally is it sold out can i still get
a ticket how give me give me the deets
on the cloud 100.
you bet thank you
i mean this has been an outgrowth of um
a lot of the cloud uh education and
community development we've done for
years we do it in partnership with
forbes magazine each year and salesforce
ventures and the shift we made last year
forcibly so
because of kovid was we took an offline
event and moved it online it used to be
a very intimate event with the top 100
private cloud ceos the public cloud ceos
who are the judges
and then a small community around that
but you know sub 200 people in a room
going really deep
we flipped that on its head last year
and opened it up to the external
community used the content that we used
to have internally and had some very
focused discussions and and sessions
that ended up
you know attracting tens of thousands of
viewers and and over a million um kind
of video impressions and so
we're gonna roll forward with that
format again this year my hope is next
year that we uh can do uh a combination
of the in person and the digital but the
great news is it in the digital format
it doesn't sell out and so if folks go
to
vcloud100.com um uh you can sign up for
the free virtual summit
and the content is um
you know available to all it's going to
drop on august 10th where we're going to
publish the list um in conjunction with
forbes uh of the definitive rankings and
then you know you'll see the speakers
you know ranging from melanie at canva
and chris at toast to allie databricks
um there's a number of folks that have
been wow
reese witherspoon let's be clear
we've got some superstars from other
areas absolutely
larry fitzgerald uh
so not the canva and toast aren't
exciting i want to ask you about in a
second but reese witherspoon will be at
thecloud100.com you can hear your
thoughts on entrepreneurship which i
want to hear
um
it's awesome like it is so impressive
these superstars in other fields that
also have real interest in tech and
they're building tech businesses and
participating and it's just fun when you
you get discussions going with
interesting people across fields and so
i mean rhys is fully engaged the
discussion's great i can't wait to
release it to the world similarly larry
fitzgerald who's an investor with us at
a number of companies
loves tech and is engaged and and you'll
hear his his thoughts on team building
and leadership and the role of tech
and it's just it's it's it's interesting
fun relevant content to business
builders and entrepreneurs out there the
saster audience it's like a perfect you
know overlap it is i'm excited to to do
it and so tell me like six years in
you know i do remember when the cloud
100 launched i think you and alex talked
about it a bit backstage at faster
annual i think it was a little bit of
work to figure out to find a hundred i
mean they're obviously a hundred grade
sas companies but i remember being work
like you had to hunt
how the heck now literally how we have
700 cloud unicorns right and so there's
probably 2 000 unicorns to be this is my
view for every one unicorn there's three
in every vc's portfolio that will be
there right if things so how do these 2
how do you pick a 100 today
i mean that's the well thing so to
clarify there's over 700 unicorns not
cloud unicorns um but uh we as we
predicted with our state of the cloud uh
report at saster yes uh last year that
we anticipated the cloud 100 for the
first time ever crossing over to where
the entire list was a hundred unicorns
and uh and so uh at the risk of of uh of
spoiling uh some of our own news i'll
share that the the cloud unicorn list is
staggeringly large has never been more
impressive
and you're absolutely right back when
you know you were building echo sign and
when you were launching disaster it was
almost inconceivable to think of
the ecosystem that we have today and the
strength of this this community with
multiple trillions of market cap for the
publics and hundreds of billions of
dollars of private cloud market cap and
so our judges have never had a harder
challenge um and i'll tell you there are
unicorns that didn't make the list
whereas um you know when we started this
as you said um many years back that
getting to the billion dollar status was
the win that was the ipo or the exit and
these days that's the series b or
seriously financing often and let me a
few of the speakers i've i've been
curious let's talk about your a few
things in the broader portfolio because
i remember when you invested in canva in
particular right and a little bit of
toast when you invest in canva i'm like
listen i've been using canva for years
i'm a power user i i always consider it
our second or third designer right i
mean i'm in it every week so no question
iconic company i was surprised at the
time that that would be in the bessemer
sweet spot it seemed a little late it
was you already invested at a billion or
two pre-money didn't you whenever it was
and obviously you've probably made more
money on that than a ton of other
deals at lower valuations how did you
what was in your team's mind of getting
conviction around these canva and toast
multi-billion because you're when you
invest at billions you're making a deca
corn bet inherently right it's got to be
very much so how did you evolve your
thinking why were these decacorns to be
canva toast when you guys did them
because i thought they were expensive at
the time but they weren't right
yes so um and very different answers for
with the same common annoying themes
which goes to scale of the potential
opportunity but toast um i have to
credit my partner kent bennett who
actually seated and incubated the
company so they were literally based in
our massachusetts office in the early
days oh wow um and so that was like
early you know hands-on exciting venture
work and then we we you know supported
them through subsequent rounds and also
invested in their billion dollar you
know financings uh i i think they are
they probably um well currently they are
certainly the most valuable vertical sas
private company they should also be the
largest vertical sas ipo when they
choose to go public in the history um
and and certainly one of the top you
know three
software ipos in history when they go um
it's an immense business but that was
very much from a an early venture bet
and then the subsequent debt um aligned
with canva which we weren't good enough
to find early but we did see the the
opportunity and and invested in multiple
of their rounds
more recently but it was to this idea
that
the scale of these sas companies
is a multiple of what we envisioned
early on and the impact that they're
having is immense it is now absolutely
possible to see businesses in the you
know 60 to 600 billion dollar range you
know shopify when we invested uh
you know the the top end of our outcomes
table was a 400 million dollar ipo
because that's that used to be success
you know they're 200 billion or so now
my partner jeremy's still on the board
still works closely with them you know
similarly twilio for me um they're
whatever 60 or 70 billion dollars today
and climbing um same thing like that
that was almost inconceivable back then
when you look now at a business like
canva and say they've got a real shock
to be the next adobe um at 300 billion
plus and by the way they're also
approaching the number of adjacent
markets you can look at it even today
and say there's still a venture return
possible where a 10x you know could be
had if you invested it whatever the
current valuation is
and that's just the amazing thing when
you get great people and and melanie and
cliff the team there to be clear are
great um they they are extremely unique
exceptional individuals but you combine
it with amazing product and a massive
market
these things can be
amazon and apple scale which is uh
which is inconceivable to think of um
you know several years back when
thinking of software businesses alone
and what was possible for cloud well
that's an interesting insight that from
from a late stage perspective you're
saying look there's a shot this could be
amazon apple adobe microsoft scale right
that that alone if you believe it that
can more than justify the 10x at any
late stage valuation right
completely and and to be clear our
growth investments um are held to the
same hurdle that our venture investments
are meaning we want to see that 10x
potential and you know you're you're
aiming for at least the three to five x
type of thing like this is not a we're
not taking
um a a basic mindset of let's let's you
know
raise a lot of money and go for 2xs and
those things um we have a very
concentrated approach where we do growth
investments it's where we believe you
know these things can be platform
companies of the next decade and we
actually our internal name for our
growth fund is is century capital and it
comes from two things one it's a hat tip
to the cloud 100 and this notion of 102
it's companies that are going to be the
defining companies of the next century
in tech and so
by definition there aren't a lot of
those but where they exist they can be
massive and so we are seeing you know a
long long list of the billion dollar
cloud companies today and we're seeing
uh dozens of decacorn
companies and candidates that are
emerging
and we definitely think this will define
the future of the tech landscape this is
the single most exciting you know trend
within tech and tech is driving global
gdp which makes it one of the most
compelling investment themes more
broadly
so just just a nerdy or nichy question
but if you have this concentrated growth
investment for the next apple or adobe
each one should be a fun returner i mean
has the potential to be a fun return or
do you think about growth the same way
as early stage like you wanted to be a
fun returner
um
that's the hope mathematically there are
times where we may only invest 25
million and a 10x could you know return
250 million and our fund is larger than
that
but conceptually yes okay and let me ask
you another way i think about these
these massive
a more tactical way to think about it so
let's take someone like hubspot right
you could pick a lot right but hubspot
crosses a billion at arr
growing 41
accelerating like growing from 30 to 41.
do you even
what is how do you think about
compounding 41 percent growth at one
billionaire like it's it's almost a it
breaks your breaks your brain doesn't it
and what does that mean for outcomes
it is absolutely spectacular to see the
performance of the leaders in the
industry both late stage private and
public
and what we often look at is is the
relationship between cash flow and
growth rate and that makes that you know
those stats even more impressive which
is to see that
you have across the cloud industry both
the the bvp nasdaq emerging cloud index
on the public side and on the private
side you time and time again see
companies at scale growing at 40 plus
and many of them are generating you know
very positive free cash flow in the
process yeah and so
you could argue what's a fair multiple
for these businesses and you know
certainly we're at historical highs and
so there's anxiety that uh that these
numbers may be rich but the flip is if
you put it in a drawer and think many
years out
it's also pretty logical to see that the
power of compounding as you know will
make these businesses more valuable in a
few years and they may go through you
know some ups and downs and they will
probably be sitting at lower multiples
a few years out than they are today but
at the same time the stock prices will
likely be higher because they're growing
at such an insane rate um and they're
just they're building value every day
yeah every like 1 billion ar ceo i talk
to before an event or a podcast or
whatever they all have their 10 billion
plan already right it's not perfect
it's not perfect from one but but they
can see it right they can see that 10
billion which is just an awesome force
in sas isn't it
it is um
absolutely um
you know einstein's word is of you know
the most powerful force of the universe
is compounding interest it's the same
thing you get these subscription models
they're brutally hard to build up um but
when the flywheel's spinning they also
uh the the growth decay is very modest
and the app it's not just hubspot the
average public cloud company and i think
there's 56 on our index today plus or
minus one or two um the average is
growing forty point two percent yeah i
saw that
on index today yeah um
i mean
yeah it's it's just awesome and so
with interest rates and low single
digits um i don't know something else
that that i can invest in that can
compound at 40 plus uh
and i have complete conviction that this
is the future of tech and software so
you're also like history is going to be
on your side in terms of the tailwinds
so do you think i know
if you look at the broader investment
ecosystem
the insight tomo bravo tiger strategy
which is just in some ways to invest in
all the good ones right i mean that to
simplify it like you can take shots or
but really their strategies look all the
good ones if times remain good should
should be is that is that a good
strategy for all of us um is that is are
there any flaws in that strategy that
you can see to invest in all the good
ones
so uh
the index approach
absolutely has its merits and we we
literally since 2011 which by the way we
first released it at saster years ago
this notion of attracting index the bvp
you know cloud index at the time um and
i i forget the current stat but it's up
12x or something over that time period
uh probably more at this point um we
then formalized it with nasdaq and then
wisdom tree licensed that data set and
so there's a tradable etf wcld
which tracks this it was literally the
top performing etf on nasdaq last year
worldwide
and so yes the public index has been a
fantastically good vehicle the late
stage private index
has also been an outstanding vehicle but
doesn't exist and so it's theoretical
and so that's what a lot of those
entities are doing is saying look if i
can get you know a 40 keger in the
public markets
and these companies are staying private
longer how do i get access to the late
stage private ones i need to go direct
and so that's what's caused a lot of
these hedge funds to cross over because
companies used to go public at 500
million now they're going public at 5
billion or 15 billion and and they want
the earlier access and so um they
i i
believe those returns will also be quite
good you've got this dynamic where
valuations are now running up and at
some point the capital markets will
level out and settle at their 15 irrs
instead of the 14 the 40 irs but it's
it's working for them um there's a
there's also a nuance from the private
equity folks specifically they're
becoming majority buyers
and uh exit alternatives to these
companies which never existed in history
for growth assets of this scale and yet
there were a number of companies from
the cloud 100 last year that chose to
sell the private equity buyers as an
alternative to going public in the short
term and i think we're going to see more
of that and so there's you know there's
spacks there's all sorts of things but
but very directly private equity as an
exit alternative as a successful exit
alternative is now also on the table
yeah well that's a great it's it's
that's to me as you know as an
ex-founder that's one of the biggest
changes of all time right is that your
exit options have have increased right
what would you say
if you if at a gut level if you look
across the whole bessemer portfolio if
you get to say 20 million are and you're
growing not even 150 let's say you're
growing 70 or more at 20 million error
what are the odds some sort of pe firm
will give you a half decent offer to buy
your sas company in today's market
yeah quite high um
it's it's how you define decent now a
lot of folks look at the public comps
and say i want a 40x multiple on that uh
because i'm in top decile or i wanted
you know 25x because um i'm i'm at least
average and they're of course comparing
themselves to the best in the world
average of the you know the 50 plus
public cloud companies but uh private
equity both uh is interested in the
flagship asset to consolidate around as
well as the assets to consolidate around
their other you know large platforms and
so whether it's 20 million or 120
million there is likely a private equity
shop out there if it's a if it's a
strong business that would be a bitter
and then your alternative becomes do i
do i hold out for the ipo or um or do i
do an alternative financing structure
the vast majority are still going to
play for the long ball and go public on
their own or ultimately sell to a
strategic that will pay a strategic
price above the financial price but
private equity as a very viable buyer is
is for the first time credible and we
had two companies in in december alone
with gainsight and pipedrive that chose
to sell to vista both of those were
super high quality businesses they could
have gone public then and they probably
will go public in the you know in the
short to medium term and yet they
thought that that was a compelling
interim step for very rational reasons
um and you know so far so good in the
sense of their their positive references
to our other ceo saying you should
consider this as one of your many
options
and what's the um you you know certainly
if you want 40 or 50 extra error
sometimes it can be tough from pe right
the other thing i've seen a little bit
is companies where their growth rate is
middling right and no criticism this
stuff's hard right as you and i both
know right i am surprised that the p
evaluations are often decent right a 10x
are
for a company that has scale it has a
brand but the growth could be quite you
know in the 30s or 40s
whereas a vc can't touch that right past
that point you just can't do it and even
a strategic
probably won't buy it because of the
multiple arbitrage right but i'm
somewhat sometimes what's going on there
is it a roll-up strategy or why will
they pay decent prices for companies
with sort of middling growth
yeah so i actually think that's the
power alley of private equity and you
nailed it um and for the listeners out
there that are running businesses that
probably aren't going to be public but
they're they're building value um and
particularly if they're capital
efficient you know break even or
generate free cash flow those businesses
should be combined with other businesses
to get scale to then go public and what
what private equity firms are very good
at is um is you know consolidation
strategies and frankly you know
unlocking business efficiencies and so
one of the things that you have to have
an upfront discussion with them about is
are you comfortable taking costs out of
the business and sometimes that will be
part of their playbook but the reality
is like that is a valuable business it's
probably your point just not the venture
big home run you know swing uh type of
business because that that's the nature
of our of our model as we we're every
every shot needs to be the 10x you know
opportunity in our mind um but those
businesses clearly have value and
i think you hit it on the head you can
get a 10x for those companies often and
it can and both sides can win meaning
the private equity firm will
be able to extract value and and get
their 3x on that with some work and with
some other assets and bringing it
together and at the same time
you can you can realize this enter a
milestone and and in some cases ceos
will say hey i don't really want to run
the business that has to go through some
cost efficiencies or that's going to be
consolidated in and often they're
totally fine with that you have the open
conversation and they'll say great we're
going to we've got a ceo who is more of
that operational ceo you go back to your
next growth thing and burn your venture
capital dollars going after the 100
growth you have your fund with that um
and and there's different answers for
different stages of life and different
parts of the capital stack and it's it's
unlocked now because of the scale of the
outcomes and these assets that option is
extremely viable and can be
an outcome that wasn't previously
possible for these hundreds and maybe
some thousands of businesses that are
really solid companies but aren't going
to be you know 10 billion dollar public
companies
yeah my gut is and then i want to ask
you just two more things and come back
to 500 my gut is
this this this increases the odds you
get a decent m a outcome when you hit
double digits of ar by like 10x over
just five years ago it that that
derivative would be right it at least
distresses your life as a fountain if
you're running stripe from day one who
cares right but but most of us even
great ones procore was a slow start
right and glad they ipod right but but
if we can go look at so many that had uh
avalara i just wrote up they had a slow
star plenty of us had a slow starts
right and to know that these overnight
successes take time sometimes sometimes
and to know that at least in the back of
your mind
you can get a 10x outcome instead of a
crappy two to three outcome or nothing
from p like years ago can destress your
life because you know at least it's
there right it's it's it's you're gonna
get this door you're gonna get knocked
by some associate or principal at all
these firms to see if uh right they'll
do these deals
very true if you're capital efficient
and that's something to layer on here
the if you're burning a lot of cash time
is not your friend if you are uh break
even or have a path to profitability
while still growing modestly you've got
infinite time and you control your own
destiny and you will have valuable
options um and that's i think the
important nuance here but there there
are
there will be an increasing number of
companies here that are that are venture
funded that have built real value
exactly the model you describe and i
think you're totally right like it's
going to be
open season for private equity firms and
they're going to pay decent multiples on
these things because they know that they
can unlock more value and if they can
bring things together if they can unlock
more free cash flow if they can get to
scale they're going to be able to grow
that asset and then ultimately trans you
know take it public for 10 to 20 times
multiple um at much larger scale and
everyone wins and they may throw
leverage on it if you're free cash flow
positive so that they get another turn
on their equity as they're very good at
doing um and so they can manufacture
another multiple term there in a way
that a venture capital firm never would
try
and do you think
m a from
strategics
twilio's made some great acquisitions
plenty of companies you're a part of
have but it's not like twilio's done a
hundred acquisitions
do you i struggle to do the math but i'm
not sure
strategic m a is keeping up despite the
headlines right uh zoom buys five nine
for 15 billion which seems like a jaw
dropper
and that's zoom's first big deal right
it's like one of the top deals of the
year but there's a lot of deckacorns out
there right it would you know if that
was a venture round my jaw wouldn't even
drop right is there have you done the
ratios is there enough m a to go around
or does it not matter with pe and ipos
uh it's a great question on the ratio
point because you're right the headline
numbers are big and we'll we'll update
some on august 10th to talk about the um
the financings the m a exits and the
ipos and um there are a lot of records
in there and some impressive numbers but
notably the is platform vendors and
cloud have not been very inquisitive of
big assets amazon web services microsoft
azure google cloud have not written big
checks for for premier assets
and the legacy uh
software vendors
are kind of like cornered animals right
now and they don't quite know how to
respond but they um are not
they're not paying the multiples to
clear these these trades and so
you definitely have this this sort of
latent backlog of strategic assets that
are finding outlets through other needs
yeah so keep going so how is how
will there be a lot will be enough m a
to keep up with all these unicorns with
a thousand unicorns that we'll have soon
the strategics haven't done their part
here and
part of it's been pricing evaluations
where the multiples are just tough
certainly for the legacy vendors to pay
two or three x their own multiple to
acquire scale assets but also the amazon
web services microsoft azures the google
clouds haven't strategically leaned into
large-scale acquisitions and that's a
wild card of whether or not they will
and so that's where you see a lot more
activity in the public markets via space
traditional listings hopefully more
direct listings that's where you see
private equity weighing in more heavily
and that's where you see a lot of
companies staying private longer and
doing these massive financings which in
many ways are partial exits because they
can get some liquidity and still build
the businesses
we do think when multiples pull back you
will see some uh increased m activity as
we did in 2008 as we did in 2016 um we
just had such a great run that these
companies have been priced out of the
hands of people with big balance sheets
they are they're probably like you you
do have to earn that it when you when
you raise that great round at 40 or 60
times revenue uh it can be challenging
for a for a tech company to buy you
right in all but the most optimistic
scenarios
absolutely and i can't tell you how many
times we get our companies get
approached by buyers who um you know
come into these markets saying you know
great and here's a price and you should
love to work with us and it's like that
price is is below what we just financed
at and half of what we can go public at
you know what's the appeal why why would
we do this our founders you know time
and time again we'll we'll look at their
options and say like i want to build
something great those are the people
that we gravitate towards those the
people we work with and you know
occasionally you'll have like an off
zero octa situation where johannio says
like i i really buy into the octovision
i want to be part of this i mean
all right well good thoughts on mma just
one other thing i just want to tie this
all together and then um and then maybe
let's let's let's spend a little last
few minutes on the cloud 100
40 just looking again at the bvp nasdaq
website from this morning like you
talked about 40.2 percent average
revenue growth in the bvd nasdaq 40.2 i
mean
you know just a few years ago like 20
something was pretty good right one
shoot ipod for sas four different
between 40 and 20 is not 2x when you
compound it it's like infinity right
it's massive it's massive we forget the
difference right because um and um
so
tell us for especially for founders
and then we can talk about how that fits
into like different bars for the cod 100
but
how has that raised the bar for venture
financing how has it raised the bar for
seed a b c
do you have to be growing even faster
than two years ago to get a term sheet
from bessemer or in general like has the
because we read about all these rounds
but i think for some founders it's even
harder to get funded than a couple years
ago
uh the bar of awesome is higher and
uh that's the
the good and bad news meaning the range
of possibilities is much bigger but the
competitive set is spectacular
and
you know time is the limiting factor for
for active venture firms and i think
this is one of the distinctions there's
a lot of passive money out there now
there's a lot of different ways to
finance but at least for the earlier
rounds we're saying hey i want a board
member i want someone to be helpful i
want someone who's seen this before etc
there is scarcity of time and
uh the companies that we're funding
early on tend to be the ones that are
growing north of 100
and can be 10 billion plus companies and
you know
you know me buyer and eater can do
you know one or two of those a year
and my partners can do their one or two
a year and we can do you know
some growth investments we can do more
seed investments et cetera but in terms
of like the core venture activity and so
that is um that's the same answer for um
for other partners that other firms that
you want on your board and so um yes uh
the the hurdle's higher but wow when
it's working um you can build something
freaking spectacular and massive and and
world-changing and that is now possible
in cloud in a way that had never been
conceivable
you know just a few years back
let me simplify it to maybe one thing
i'm shocked the number of companies
startups i guess we can't really call
them startups at 100 million
or more that are growing a hundred
percent or more i'm shocked right and
some of these were coveted boosts right
we can we can talk about a bunch of
folks in the collaboration software that
crossed a hundred percent it 100 even
200 million last year and they got a
covered boost
but when you look at companies
routinely is probably the wrong word but
that regularly grow 100 at 100 million
right um what is what does that mean a
10 million error is is what if you're
going 100 like that's not nearly as good
100 of 10 million it's not nearly as
good as 100 does that mean it's not good
enough to get like what is how does it
change the bar let's just simplify to
one thing and and then how does it
change the bar at 10 million are to pick
a line does it not change the bar is the
bar gone up is it 1.5 is it 150
is it 200
it's awesome that you ask that exact
question because literally i've had two
board meetings in the last week where um
the team was wrestling with exactly this
exact question and um they're pushing
for the triple um which is the 200
growth over the coming year we've got a
baseline plan at the double
but
that is very much the mindset now
which is a take outs you know take out
capital as a resource
team bandwidth is really the resource
market tam you know really isn't for
most of these companies anymore and it's
it's all about what can we do and you
know us as a service provider here so
much of our energy now is around team
building and recruiting um because that
tends to be the bottleneck but we are
definitely seeing you know the more of
these triple triple double double models
uh the hat tip to niraj and the battery
folks i think coined it
but
that's now possible later in their lives
and you're seeing businesses that 10
million plus that are completely capable
of tripling for another year or two
before they decelerate into the 100
growth double
in those out years and kova definitely
gave some businesses a boost but this
work from home stuff is going to
continue these hybrid models are
continued cloud is the way of the future
for software and i you know my rough
guess is is probably 25 of our cloud 100
companies this year at least are above
100 million growing over 100 right now
okay well that's maybe that's what we
could almost wrap up on of the cloud 100
about a quarter of them
are growing more 100 or more at 100
million in revenue
that would be that would be my guess
that's not a slice i've done directly
we'll show all sorts of um
slices of metrics benchmarks etc on
august 10th when it drops
but but just
estimating based on the valuations and
the other metrics i know um that uh that
wouldn't surprise you i'd take you over
on that yes
that's both for folks that should be
both inspiring and intimidating that a
hundred percent growth at 100 million
error isn't even top decile it's not
even top death style it's only top
quartile i don't know what that means
for venture returns what should venture
what should top decile venture returns
be then
well
exactly if the public index has produced
a 12x plus return then that that should
be what we're all benchmarking our funds
to so uh the bar has been raised for
awesome there as well
okay well let's wrap up that come look
come to the cloud 100 learn how
learn how top
quartile is growing 100
at 100 million in revenue you'll meet
digitally reese witherspoon again what's
the date byron for the cloud 100 august
10th you can sign up at vcloud
vcloud100.com
th cloud and then the number100.com
get your link there and uh as always
look forward to coming back to saster
where we'll release the new state of the
cloud
and pull in a lot more of this data and
go deep
and
love and appreciate the partnership and
the saster community has been such a big
part of my life and our company's lives
lots of gratitude for the content
sharing and the education that you've
done for entrepreneurs everywhere
thanks byron we'll talk to you soon